Li I am Lily I am Palestinian Israeli
German my is i'mi head of the churg
initiative against
anti-Semitism one conflict or problem
that was solved by
violence a Berliner I'm very worried
about further riots and an escalation of
the
situation this worry of increasing
violence is a feeling many people here
in Berlin
share thousands came together to show
their support against Hamas terrorism in
solidarity with
Israel Hamas attack on the country
Israel's massive retaliatory air strikes
in Gaza and the humanitarian catastrophe
have had consequences here in
Berlin several register demonstrations
by Pro Palestinian groups were cancelled
by police in the wake of this
spontaneous Gatherings took place in an
area of Berlin with a large immigration
population fireworks were thrown and
police used water cannons many people
were detained at the same time
anti-semitic and racist incidents appear
to be on the
rise feel very unsafe never before have
so many people I know left their
children at home and not sent them to
school or taken them to daycare I've
never experienced anything like that
before Davis haachi and his colleagues I
crisis mode every day teachers and
authorities ask for advice on how to
deescalate interc commmunity tensions
especially in districts like none and
kbur where many immigrants
live interestingly I've also never had
so many concerned Muslims who are afraid
that their children will be stigmatized
here
criminalized they are also worried about
their safety about their
livelihood Lily ker also knows that are
many perspectives in the Israeli
Palestinian conflict and wants them to
be heard she has founded a berina
Association for peace in the Middle East
that organizes demonstrations her father
was a Palestinian citizen of Israel she
worries about her friends in Gaza they
say they are powerless to change
anything they tell me the only thing you
can do is please pray that this war
stops and I think that is this feeling
that actually unites many
it is common sense to say this violence
must stop violence is never a
solution that's why kower took part in a
demonstration showing solidarity with
Palestinians she wants to draw attention
to the suffering on both sides she says
for her this does not contradict
Germany's State support for
Israel we must stand by Israel's side
Come What May
but the question is how to stand by its
side we should be a critical
friend being a critical friend includes
telling your friend that it is not okay
to bomb innocent civilians in
Gaza this demonstration in CB noon
brought together some 5,000 people of
diverse backgrounds to coren and to
violence
ksb based aachi Sees In This Moment of
high tensions that exchange and building
bridges are more important than ever he
wants more dialogue at schools from an
early age and warns against knee-jerk
reactions today we have to stay calm and
show our Readiness to be open for
exchange that is what the hour requires
now um this
[Music]
was Lily kower has brought a second
candle so that a light shines for all
today she wants to continue to work
against violence and for peace in the
Middle East just as she does here in her
hometown of
Berlin